Jiang Yuhang just said
You went to Yunhai Hotel a month ago
Why deny it?
We are best friends, of course I want to help you.
Wei Wei, you and Beixian are pro-white, right?
Even if it's so nice to me
I promised not to betray him
I don't know.
Tell you Han Wencheng to say that
But I've never been.
Really no no
I asked the students to investigate this matter.
Results will be available soon.
You better not have lied to me.
Mr. Li, I went to Renhai Hotel last year
Important to you
Important because
Beixuan has an emergency at home
Come back quickly
OK, I see.
I'm leaving for such a small matter
See you later
That night
He obviously doesn't remember anything
Why do you care so much?
Sorry ma'am
I haven't thought about it.
You deserve it.
Where is no robbery
You gave it to me once
This kind of person doesn't deserve to do things during their period
I'm reluctant to arrange for him to see
Mr. Li, Mr. Li
I was wrong. I was wrong.
Mr. Li
Li Xian
What happened in the morning really has nothing to do with Mingwei
Please forgive him.
I never doubted him
Li Xian, this is not like your criminal style
You don't like him, do you?